## Overview

This is a demo project showing how one can use the Flask
framework (https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/) within a basilisp project.


The project uses the [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) tool to simplify Python dependency management and handle virtual environments. For installation details, see the [Poetry introduction guide](https://python-poetry.org/docs/).

## Project Anatomy

```
.
├── basilisp.edn
├── poetry.lock
├── pyproject.toml
└── src
    └── basilisp_flask
        ├── demo.lpy
        
```

An empty file indicating to Clojure-enabled editors that this is a Basilisp Project.

The project's namespace.

A lock file generated by Poetry that records the exact versions of dependencies installed.

The configuration file where project metadata, dependencies, and Poetry settings are defined.

The `flask` demo source code.


## Project Setup

Before running the project for the first time, install the dependencies in a new virtual environment by running
```shell
poetry install
```

Next, activate the project's virtual environment for development with
```bash
poetry shell
```

## Running and Developing the Code

The following steps assume you are using the [`basilisp` CLI tool](https://basilisp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cli.html) within the activated virtual environment.

To load the namespace and run the demo in a poetry shell:

basilisp run -n basilisp-flask.demo

## Flask code reloading

The flask debug mode can be used in development. 

The debug mode is turned on like this in demo.lpy:

  (.run (app) ** :debug true)

This makes flask detect changes in the code, which become visible when the browser is refreshed.


